---
brief: Understand the most common issues when using Flashduty
---

# FAQs

---

<details><summary>What is Flashduty?</summary> Flashduty is a comprehensive alarm response platform designed to streamline IT operations. We offer on-duty support, alarm noise reduction, upgrade, and automation features to IT professionals, thereby accelerating enterprise incident response and minimizing potential losses.</details>
<details><summary>Am I a good candidate to use Flashduty ?</summary> You should use Flashduty if your organization or team:<ul><li> A place is needed to collect alarms from all sources in the company and process, track and analyze them uniformly.</li><li> Alarms need to be classified and key personnel can be dynamically notified using different channels. An automatic upgrade process is required to avoid unhandled alarms.</li><li> Daily processing of alarms takes up most of the energy, and alarm noise reduction is needed to solve the problem of alarm fatigue.</li></ul></details>

<details><summary>What notification methods does Flashduty support?</summary>

| Channels |  Private Chat  | Group Chat |
| --- | -------- | ---- |
| Voice    | ✅   |    |
| Short Message    | ✅   |    |
| Mail    | ✅   |    |
| Feishu Application | ✅   |  ✅  |
| DingTalk Application | ✅   |  ✅  |
| WeChat Work App | ✅   |    |
| Slack App| ✅   |  ✅  |
| Microsoft Teams App| ✅   |  ✅  |
| Feishu Robot    |    |  ✅  |
| DingTalk Robot    |    |  ✅  |
| WeChat Work Robot    |    |  ✅  |
| Zoom Robot    |    |  ✅  |
| Telegram Bot    |    |  ✅  |

</details>

<details><summary>Flashduty Do you want to use a fixed number for voice notification?</summary><ul><li> Mainland China: **( 010 ) 21364727** and **( 021 ) 3201 7538** , more numbers can download and import the link file to your phone: [http://donwloads.flashcat.cloud/phone.vcf](http://donwloads.flashcat.cloud/phone.vcf)</li><li> United States, Canada: **12087959989**</li><li> Indonesia, Germany, Malaysia, Australia, Singapore, Thailand, Russia, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, Japan, Hong Kong, Taiwan: **random number**</li><li> Push voice is not supported in other regions. If you have needs, please contact us: [contact-us@flashcat.cloud](mailto:contact-us@flashcat.cloud)</li></ul></details>
<details><summary>How do I make sure Flashduty Notifications reach me?</summary> Flashduty to ensure the availability of each channel.<ul><li> Voice, SMS and email: We use high-availability services provided by multiple cloud vendors, and can quickly switch to another if there is a problem with one.</li><li> IM Application message: IM If the application single chat message fails to be sent, the system will use SMS and email to remind you.</li><li> Dispatch policy settings: It is recommended that you set up circular notifications. If the fault is not claimed, the system will cycle through multiple notifications. Or set up an upgrade link. If the personnel in the current link do not handle it in time, the fault will be escalated and assigned to the personnel in the next link.</li></ul></details>
<details><summary>Why can't I receive voice notifications?</summary> Voice calls have a lot to do with the terminal signal and settings. If you continue to be unable to receive voice notifications, it is recommended to try the following operations:<ol><li> If you are using a mobile phone number registered outside mainland China, please check the geographical range we support.</li><li> First check whether the blacklist or call history of the mobile phone intercepts numbers around the time of dialing, usually fixed-line numbers such as 010xxx or 021xx . If so, please remove the blacklist and whiten it.</li><li> If the mobile phone does not see the blacklist, it may be that the mobile phone number has activated interception services and other functions: the mobile phone number can check whether incoming landline calls have been intercepted through the WeChat public account "China Mobile High Frequency Harassment Call Protection"; the telecom mobile phone number may be in When receiving text messages, the phone will be intercepted. You can also follow the official account "Tianyi Anti-harassment" to check the incoming calls; on China Unicom, you can follow the official account "Wo Assistant" to check the incoming calls, or please consult the customer service number.</li><li> Please note that if your mobile phone number has participated in number portability, please check the blocking status of multiple operators at the same time.</li><li> Try restarting the phone, re-inserting the phone card, inserting the phone card into another phone, and troubleshooting terminal or phone card problems in sequence.</li></ol><p> If you still don't find the reason, please contact us.</p></details>
<details><summary>Why can't I receive email notifications?</summary> It is recommended to try the following:<ol><li> Check the spam in the mail client. If there is any, please remove it proactively to maintain normal reception.</li><li> Check whether the email client has automatic deletion set up. If so, please modify the rules.</li><li> Contact the company's corporate mailbox administrator and check in the background whether it has been blocked ( Gmail and other corporate mailboxes have strict restrictions, and sending too many emails will lead to interception). If so, set up a whitelist for email sources.</li></ol><p> If you still don't find the reason, please contact us.</p></details>
<details><summary>Can Flashduty set routing for alarm fields based on specific criteria?</summary> Yes, Flashduty allows you to route alarms based on various criteria such as tags, severity, title, and description. This feature is detailed under the Integration Center - Integration Details - Routing Configuration.</details>
<details><summary>Flashduty Which alarm systems are supported for integration?</summary><ul><li> Universal integration: email alerts (applicable to almost all alert systems); custom event standards (using self-developed monitoring systems).</li><li> Open source integration: Zabbix , Prometheus , Nightingale and other common open source monitoring.</li><li> Commercial integration: Alibaba Cloud, Tencent Cloud, Huawei Cloud, Aws , Azure and other commercial cloud monitoring.</li></ul><p> If you have other needs, please feel free to contact us at any time.</p></details>
<details><summary>Flashduty How to charge?</summary> We charge according to active users and provide three different versions: free version, standard version and commercial version. For detailed comparison, please visit: https://flashcat.cloud/flashduty/price/<ul><li> We define users who use commercial functions in the current month as active users, and this user must obtain license to use it.</li><li> After the end of each monthly cycle, the license held by active users will be released and must be preempted again in the next cycle.</li><li> When a member is deleted, license is automatically released.</li><li> Viewing alarms requires license , only passively receiving notifications does not require license .</li></ul></details>
<details><summary>Flashduty How to ensure your own stability?</summary><ul><li> Flashduty  SLA :</li></ul><ol><li> Functionality available: Need to ensure core functionality is available 99.95 % of the time</li><li> Delivery timeliness: It is necessary to ensure that 99.95 % of the alarms are delivered within 5 minutes after being triggered</li></ol><ul><li> Flashduty How to guarantee SLA :</li></ul><ol><li> Multi-active in the same city: The infrastructure is built on multiple data centers, and the stateful components are multi-active in the same city;</li><li> Asynchronous processing: After the alarm is reported, it will immediately enter the asynchronous process, and errors will be retried to reduce the risk of alarm loss;</li><li> Redundant alarms: For important alarms, a redundant notification mechanism is provided. Customers can choose multiple channels for circular notifications to ensure that the notifications are reachable;</li><li> Global acceleration: Global acceleration has been enabled for api.flashcat.cloud domain names to ensure the stability of reported links in various places;</li><li> Continuous monitoring: Comprehensively collect all indicators of the system, conduct stress tests regularly, and discover system problems in a timely or in advance manner.</li></ol></details>
<details><summary>Flashduty How to ensure data security?</summary><ol><li> Full stack HTTPS , data transmission ensures security</li><li> Sensitive information is encrypted and stored, and logs are desensitized and then placed on disk.</li><li> Important data modifications require MFA verification and operation auditing is supported.</li><li> Regularly participate in safety certification audits by internationally and domestically recognized third-party authoritative organizations ( ISO27001 , ISO9001 )</li><li> For customers in need, a confidentiality agreement can be signed</li><li> Privacy Agreement: [https://docs.flashcat.cloud/docs/privacy-policy](https://docs.flashcat.cloud/docs/privacy-policy)</li></ol></details>
<details><summary>Flashduty Does it support privatized deployment?</summary> Support, Flashduty a privatized version that is almost identical to the SaaS service. However, due to its high maintenance costs, the charging model of private deployment is different from SaaS services. If not necessary, we recommend that you use cloud services.<p> If you require a private version, please contact us.</p></details>
<details><summary>Flashduty What are the advantages compared to other platforms?</summary><ol><li> We provide more flexible and easy-to-use functions</li><li> We provide more professional and considerate services</li><li> We provide more reasonable product prices</li></ol><p> You are welcome to contact us to get a professional purchasing guide.</p></details>